Hey welcome back.
This is the last video in this intro section.
After this we dive into the meat of the course but this is still a really important topic.
It's all about not just how I approach online teaching.
Not some convoluted doctrine about my theory of teaching but it's really about how it relates to your
learning style and what it means to you as a student.
So let's just get on with it.
Teaching online can be hard you know teaching in general can be hard but going from person to online
the hardest thing that I struggled with was being able to understand how happy my pace how things were
going for students in person.
You learn over time that you know look at people's faces and see if they're bored or if they're asleep
or if they look terrified and they're lost and you also learn to check for understanding which students
you interact with them you ask them questions to test them.
They ask you questions it's a dialogue online.
It's just me recording these videos like a crazy person locked up in my room you know with mattresses
on the walls to keep the sound down.
So it's it's different.
So if this is a meter to show from angry to perfectly right down to angry again as far as pacing you
know I could have a student with the same video one exact video on I don't know is the return statement
in Python.
For some people I might be going too fast.
Other people say you know slow slow way down but they're not quite as frantic.
Someone might be a little lost then maybe one person will say this is just what I needed.
Other people are going to say this is way too slow for me.
I already know this hurry up.
You know I'm super super bored.
One star you suck I hate you it's just awful.
It runs the gamut.
So from my perspective I have to figure out who do I teach to and how do I make this work.
Without sounding too preachy my approach is that I just add a ton of content and I make a lot of it
optional.
It's really all I can do to accommodate everyone.
So if you're somebody who is a really fast learner maybe you already know some of this content and you
get bored easily.
It's ok to skip things and at the same time if you're somebody who is never program before you need
to take your time.
You know this is new and intimidating to you.
I've added in tons of exercises additional reinforcing material that you can rely on to students might
be at very different levels different paces and different learning styles could have a different experience
in the course even though it's one set of videos.
For example here's some of the content from the function section later on in this course or two sections
actually on functions.
Imagine that you're going through it and you watch the first couple of videos.
You do the first exercise and you feel good about it.
So you can skip the Cotulla.
This is you know I always make it clear in my videos.
I'll say this is optional.
This is skippable.
In this video I'm going to do more of what we did in the last video so you could try the next exercise
and you might skip the next one.
Then you watch more videos.
And then there's a whole problem set.
So for some students they might want to tackle every problem in here.
Usually when i have problem sets I arrange them from easiest to hardest.
So if you're feeling good you might skip the first couple.
You might try the first one realize it's too easy then skip one try another chunk then try the one at
the very end to test yourself.
There's just a lot of flexibility built in.
So I don't want to sound like I'm figured out how to teach all mine better than anyone.
It's not at all the case I'm just trying to tell you how I approach it personally.
I know it's impossible to teach to everybody's style.
People are always going to you know find things that are too fast or too slow for them.
But I encourage you to make it your own.
I've built it that way that you can.
Part of that is how I structure my videos.
So if this represents an average video there's always a goals and objectives section at the beginning
where I talk for 10 15 maybe 30 seconds about where we're going in this video why it matters.
I try and set it in context to explain you know we're going to learn functions.
This is what they are why they should care.
This is how it fits into what we saw yesterday or last section.
Then there's the meat of the video which is you know 80 percent of it.
Most of the content the new material and then a recap or summary at the end.
So I'm telling you this because for some students those are really important sections the recap the
goals and objectives to set the context so that you can kind of position the material in your mind make
a mental map.
But for others it could just be monotonous and slow.
So that's OK you just skip it.
In fact what will probably happen is people will add bookmarks in the videos.
You can see them on the to me video platform where people will bookmark the most important parts of
the video.
And often in my videos people bookmark after the goals and objectives or at the recap so that you can
skip to them or skip away from them if that's your goal.
And lastly if you feel the course is going too slow for you I highly recommend you increase the video
playback speed.
You know me has this as an option or Personally when I watch a lot of tutorials on YouTube or some you
know me courses try to learn after effects right now to make my own animations because oh I don't really
have an animation right now but if I did it would be awful.
So I'm trying to learn that.
But I'd like to turn up the video speed.
It just bothers me to listen to somebody talk slowly and I get that criticism about myself all the time.
But my opinion is that it's best to allow people to me and they want to push them down rather than making
that decision ahead of time and making all the videos very fast or very slow.
So just keep that in mind it's up to you.
You know I know that goes without saying you it's your life you could do it you want.
But I recommend that you speed up the videos.
If you feel like it's going too slow don't allow that to frustrate you.
And same thing if you feel like it's going too fast.
And then also check for your understanding as you go.
Use the exercises that are built in to see if you need to watch every video and a section if you feel
good about functions or lists than don't do every exercise in the list section anyway.
I think I should stop talking now.
There's a lot in this course.
So I just want to make it clear that I'm trying my best to make this as friendly as possible to people
from all different backgrounds and learning styles.
If you like it how it is you can keep it that way.
And if you hate it you can kind of choose your own adventure and bless the you that little kitty in
a sink sinks in for cats.
What is she doing.
All right.
Let's get started.
I'll see you in the next section whichever section you end up picking.